README.md, before:

# proj10-MeetMe
Snarf appointment data from a selection of a user's Google calendars, and 
permit that user to set up events and invite others to it.

## User
The application is fairly simple - provided the necessary secrets to
access a user's Google calendars, the site returns times when that user
is busy or available based on the dates, times, and selected calendars 
provided by the client. The client may also select one of these available
time windows and set up a new event, and will be provided a link to share
with others that will invite them as well.

## Running the program
After forking and cloning the repository, you should be able to run 
the program with the following commands:
* git clone
* cd repo/directory/path
* bash ./configure
* make run
Alternatively, you should be able to deploy through gunicorn by using 
'make service' instead.

The server runs on port 5000 under most circumstances (if deploying on the UO's
ix server, it tries to run on port 7520). You will need to provide the necessary
secrets files yourself - it uses oauth2 and the Google calendars API. 

## FIXME
* The server currently relies on its own local timezone when it should be
drawn from the client.
* Some of the entries in the 'busy' and 'avbl' session variables are showing up
with a timezone value of 'Z' instead of the actual timezone offset. It's not
causing problems yet, but it's worth checking out.
* There is a timestamp issue with far-future dates when using arrow. A workaround
is in place, but it needs to be corrected once arrow has been patched. See the
flask_main.py interpret_time() function for more detail.

## Contact Details
If you need to reach me, you can do so through my email at adibb@cs.uoregon.edu .
Alternatively, the skeleton code was produced by the UO at time of writing. 
If you have questions regarding the core parts of the code, you could 
check for the relevant contact details at the CIS 322 account on github instead.

Commit message:

Added skeleton of automated test suite

README.md, after:

# proj10-MeetMe
Snarf appointment data from a selection of a user's Google calendars, and 
permit that user to set up events and invite others to it.

## User
The application is fairly simple - provided the necessary secrets to
access a user's Google calendars, the site returns times when that user
is busy or available based on the dates, times, and selected calendars 
provided by the client. The client may also select one of these available
time windows and set up a new event, and will be provided a link to share
with others that will invite them as well.

## Running the program
After forking and cloning the repository, you should be able to run 
the program with the following commands:
* git clone
* cd repo/directory/path
* bash ./configure
* make run
Alternatively, you should be able to deploy through gunicorn by using 
'make service' instead.

The server runs on port 5000 under most circumstances (if deploying on the UO's
ix server, it tries to run on port 7520). You will need to provide the necessary
secrets files yourself - it uses oauth2 and the Google calendars API. 

## VENV and Testing
The development environment can be activated with the command line prompt 
'source env/bin/activate'. You will need to have at least configured the 
server and run it at least once to initialize everything and ensure
consistency. While the environment is active, you can run the automated 
test suite with the command 'nosetests'.

## FIXME
* The server currently relies on its own local timezone when it should be
drawn from the client.
* Some of the entries in the 'busy' and 'avbl' session variables are showing up
with a timezone value of 'Z' instead of the actual timezone offset. It's not
causing problems yet, but it's worth checking out.
* There is a timestamp issue with far-future dates when using arrow. A workaround
is in place, but it needs to be corrected once arrow has been patched. See the
flask_main.py interpret_time() function for more detail.

## Contact Details
This was primarily coded by Alexander Dibb. 
If you need to reach me, you can do so through my email at adibb@cs.uoregon.edu .
Alternatively, the skeleton code was produced by the UO at time of writing. 
If you have questions regarding the core parts of the code, you could 
check for the relevant contact details at the CIS 322 account on github instead.
